Readme updates (#19)
upbound/configuration-gitops-argocd: README.md

# ArgoCD Configuration

> This repository contains a [Crossplane configuration](https://docs.crossplane.io/v1.11/concepts/packages/#configuration-packages), tailored for users establishing their initial control plane with [Upbound](https://cloud.upbound.io). This configuration deploys fully managed ArgoCD resources.

Reviewer: https://docs.crossplane.io/latest/concepts/packages/#configuration-packages

> This repository contains a [Crossplane configuration](https://docs.crossplane.io/v1.11/concepts/packages/#configuration-packages), tailored for users establishing their initial control plane with [Upbound](https://cloud.upbound.io). This configuration deploys fully managed ArgoCD resources.

Author: ```suggestion
This repository contains a [Crossplane configuration](https://docs.crossplane.io/latest/concepts/packages/#configuration-packages), tailored for users establishing their initial control plane with [Upbound](https://cloud.upbound.io). This configuration deploys fully managed ArgoCD resources.
```

## Overview

> The core components of a custom API in [Crossplane](https://docs.crossplane.io/v1.11/getting-started/introduction/) include:

Reviewer: https://docs.crossplane.io/latest/getting-started/introduction/

> The core components of a custom API in [Crossplane](https://docs.crossplane.io/v1.11/getting-started/introduction/) include:

Author: ```suggestion
The core components of a custom API in [Crossplane](https://docs.crossplane.io/latest/getting-started/introduction/) include:
```
